[pkg/ottl] Add an ottl function that allows for the trimming of whitespaces or other specified symbols from an attribute (#34103)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `set(attributes["source"], trace_state["source"])`

### trim

`trim(target, Optional[symbols])`

> The `trim` function trims all leading and trailing white space removed, as defined by Unicode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `trim` function trims all leading and trailing white space from the target string, as defined by Unicode.
```
